Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#241)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/data-source-management-api/load-data-source-dataflow/index.md

---
title: "Load Data Source Dataflow | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the Load Data Source Dataflow API and provides a table that gives a description for various resources."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Load Data Source Dataflow section contains a description of the Load Data Source Dataflow API, used to create a data source that contains entity data for a user-specified entity type, and provides links to and descriptions of each article in this section.

```
